# directives
directives are the line of codes that define the class it self.
## .Class directive;
this is what we will make us say ahh the code after this line is a class code.
and the sysntax generanly look like this
```smali
.class [access modifier] <the_packege of class >;
#.......the block codes adn fields.......
#exmaple;
.class public Lcom/winodow/Acvitity; # now this woud be in the package com.windows.Activity
```

##  .super 
this is written emdielty after the .class directive and tells the vm which class this class is inheriting from and goes like this
```smali
.class [access modifier] <the_packege of class >;
.super <package fpath or parent class>;
#exmaple
.class public Lcom/winodow/Acvitity;
.super Lcom/propery/WindowsActivity;# now the activity class inherites from Widows activity;
```

## .source
this directive is not for the vm but for humand who might be debugging the app form the smali level it tells us the languge tht was used 
```smali
.class public Lcom/winodow/Acvitity;
.super Lcom/propery/WindowsActivity;# now the activity class inherites from Widows activity;
.source "java.Activity"
```

# Exersise
```Java
// File: Animal.java
public class Animal {
    public void makeSound() { /* ... */ }
}

// File: Dog.java
public class Dog extends Animal {
    public void wagTail() { /* ... */ }
}
```
lets anawer the follwoing togethere;
1. What would the .class directive at the top of Dog.smali look like? (Assume it's in the com.pets package).
2. What would the .super directive at the top of Dog.smali look like?
3. Because of the .super directive, what methods can you call on an object of type Dog? (List all of them).
4. If you later looked at a GoldenRetriever.smali file and saw .super Lcom/pets/Dog;, what would that tell you about the relationship between a GoldenRetriever and an Animal?

Answer;
1. it would be .class  public Lcom/pets/Dogs
2. it would be .super Lcom/pets/Animals
3. tisn we didnt ovrise makeSound methode we can call it that on it,and also we can call the wagTail too
4. well it would mean the goldenretriver inehrited all the field of ANimal but aslo addtionla fiels lke wagTail from Dog class








